The next item is Context.
As web developers and as app developers,
we are automatically thinking and switching contexts
between staging and production and between main net and test net and Ganache et cetera.
Now, there might be scenarios where you want the user to use
your DAP and you want them to train for it and use transactions that are simulated,
in which case, you might give them the option to say, ''Hey,
why don't we use the test environment et cetera?''
So it's important that when you have such scenarios,
when the user has the ability to simulate or test things et cetera,
that there is absolutely clear context in
the application so that the user knows when they are live and when they are not.
There's various ways in which you can do this.
Obviously, a simple message when they switch contexts would get the job done,
but it's really not going to stick in the user's mind
especially if the task they are doing is taking a lot of time.
A better way to approach it would be to always display
the contexts name very clearly and if possible use color,
maybe a colored bar or colored region on the screen that indicates that you're
currently in a different context than what the live context is.
This is also especially true when your users are doing testing.
Perhaps you have a QA team et cetera.
It's important for them to know also when they are gathering
information about which context they're using.
In test environments, responses tend to happen very fast
because they don't have the burden of all the public transactions happening.
So a user might think they are doing something that is working in live,
but they're really just doing it in testing.
You don't want to confuse them.
Most importantly, if the transaction is going to result in financial actions,
you want to be very clear that they are in
a live environment and not in a test environment.
So context is important.
Use color. Use clear language to indicate that that's happening.
There's also the other kind of context beyond just the test environment.
That's about what kind of state the user's DAP environment is in.
So, potentially, your blockchain smart contract
has states and the user is going through different states.
So that's another context that you want to clarify and make sure the user is aware.
Perhaps there is a pending state for a transaction.
Now, we talked earlier about how because the time elapsed might be very long,
you want to notify them.
But what happens when they go and try and redo
a transaction that is already in the pending state and retry it?
You obviously don't want that to happen.
You don't want this scenario where you retry.
On the web, we have solved that problem more or less by having
buttons that are disabled when you click them and things like that.
We need to make sure that the same thing occurs here,
but we need to be a little more overt about it and make
sure that when a transaction is in the pending state,
that the user knows that very clearly and they have clear context about
that so they don't try and retry that transaction.